Feature: v2 Modals (#42)
lightelligence-io/react: src/components/V2Modal/V2Modal.md

      >
        Ok
      </V2Button>
    ]}/>
  <V2Modal
    type={V2MODAL_TYPE_SUCCESS}
    title="SUCCESS!!"
    content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet."
    open={state.modalOpen.success}
    actions={[
      <V2Button
        key="cancel"
        buttonType="default"
        emphasis="tertiary"
        onClick={() => toggleModal('success')}
      >
        Cancel
      </V2Button>,
      <V2Button
        key="ok"
        buttonType="destructive"
        onClick={() => onSubmit('success')}
      >
        Ok
      </V2Button>
    ]}/>
  <V2Modal
    type={V2MODAL_TYPE_ACTION}
    title="Action!!"
    content="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet."
    open={state.modalOpen.action}
    actions={[
      <V2Button
        key="cancel"
        buttonType="default"
        emphasis="tertiary"
        onClick={() => toggleModal('action')}
      >
        Cancel
      </V2Button>,
      <V2Button
        key="ok"
        buttonType="destructive"
        onClick={() => onSubmit('action')}
      >
        Ok
      </V2Button>
    ]}/>
</div>
```

## Custom Header Modals

In rare occasions the icon can be individually changed. Use the `icon` property to provide an icon.

> You can also change the background color of the header using the header Props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also change the background color of the header using the `headerProps` property.
```

> All styles of the modal can be changed using  modalProps, dialogProps, headerProps, contentProps, and footerProps. *Use with care!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All styles of the modal can be changed using `modalProps`, `dialogProps`, `headerProps`, `contentProps`, and `footerProps`. *Use with care!*
```
